





























  February 2015



































































The Ambassadors Club welcomes 14 new members

During the Recognition Award Gala marking its 30th anniversary,
 the Ambassadors Club added 14 new members to its ranks — men and women 
actively involved in bringing 10 international conventions to Montréal.

 These major events will generate nearly $129 M in economic benefits for
 the city and the province, and attract 40,000 business tourists to 
Montréal. With the new appointments, the Club now has 287 members, 
including  Appointed Ambassadors, Executive Ambassadors, and Emeritus 
Ambassadors having secured at least two major events for Montréal.
Ambassadors Appointed in 2015

  Dr. Fabrice Brunet
    International Forum on Health, October 22 to 24, 2013
  Prof. Jean-Marie Dufour
    11th World Congress of the Econometric Society, May 15 to 21, 2015
  Dr. Jacques Corcos, Emeritus Ambassador
    45th Annual Meeting of the International Continence Society, October 7 to 9, 2015
  Prof. Roger Nkambou
    25th World Wide Web Conference – WWW2016 – General Chair, April 11 to 15, 2016
  Dr. Jerzy Maciej Floryan
    24th International Congress of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics – ICTAM 2016, August 21 to 26, 2016
  Dr. Karen R. Cohen
    29th International Congress of Applied Psychology 2018, June 24 to 29, 2018
  Dr. Vasile Minea
    25e IIF – IIR Congrès international du Froid/International Congress of Refrigeration – ICR 2019, August 24 to 30, 2019
  Mr. Carl Desrosiers, Mr. Nicolas Girard and Mr. Michel Labrecque
    UITP Montréal 2017 – International Association of Public Transport World Congress, May 13 to 17, 2017
  Mr. Marc Parent and Mr. Serge Tremblay
    2017 Montréal World Police and Fire Games, July 28 to August 6, 2017
  Mr. Claude Carette and Mr. Michael de Santis
    24th World Congress on Intelligent Transportation Systems – ITS 2017, October 28 to November 2, 2017

Since
 anniversaries are often an opportunity to look ahead, the theme for 
this year’s Recognition Award Gala was “tomorrow’s leaders.” Dr. Rémi 
Quirion, Chief Scientist of Québec, therefore seized the event to honour
 the four Star Student Researchers for February 2015 as selected by the Fonds de recherche du Québec,
 i.e. Gabriel Éthier-Majcher, Leora Witkowski, Jian Carrot-Zhang and 
Katarina Mihailovic. The competition makes it possible to recognize the 
excellent research being conducted by students and to foster research 
careers with Québec universities.
The photo album of the event is available on Flickr.














































■ 30 years of success and fruitful exchanges2015 marks the 30th
 anniversary of the Palais des congrès de Montréal Ambassadors Club. 
This important milestone was duly acknowledged at the Recognition Award 
Gala, as was its significance both historically for the Palais and for 
the men and women who have brought major international conventions to 
Montréal, i.e. the Ambassadors themselves.
  [ Read more ]

















































■ The 2015 Recognition Award Gala: the success of a renewed eventWith the theme for 2015 being “tomorrow’s leaders,” the Recognition Award Gala introduced a new format to mark the 30th anniversary of the Ambassadors Club.
  [ Read more ]


















































■ The Ambassadors Lounge: A prestigious venue accessible to all membersThe
 Palais des congrès de Montréal inaugurated its Ambassadors Lounge in 
2008. This VIP meeting room offering a spectacular view of Montréal and 
the Jacques-Cartier bridge is named after the members of the Ambassadors
 Club in recognition of their work in helping maintain Montréal among 
the world’s top convention cities. [ Read more ]

















































■ je vois mtl: Proposals that will drive business tourismThe
 proposals submitted for je vois mtl (I see mtl) and made public on 
November 17 will no doubt have a positive impact on the city’s business 
tourism.
  [ Read more ]


















































■ Ke Wu, a distinguished AmbassadorProfessor
 Ke Wu, who was appointed Ambassador in 2005 for his role in securing 
the IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium the Palais des congrès 
hosted in 2012, recently won the Prix du Québec Marie-Victorin award for
 natural sciences and engineering.  [ Read more ]

















































■ Ambassador NewsSerge
 Gauthier (2006), was named member of the Order of Canada, which 
recognizes outstanding achievement, dedication to the community and 
service to the nation. [ Read more ]


























																																			
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																														
																																															Palais des congrès de Montréal
																																															159 St.Antoine West,
																																															9th floor, Montréal (Québec) H2Z 1H2, Canada
																																															1 800 268-8122
																																														
																																													
																																												  
																																													
																																														
																																															
																																																
																																																	
																																																	
																																																
																																															
																																														
																																													
																																													
																																														
																																															Visit congresmtl.com


Visit Palais's Blog          
																																														
Planning a event
																																															

Enjoy our services
																																															

Contact us
																																														
																																															Follow us:
																																														
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																									
																																										
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																															
																														
																													
																												
																											
																										
																									
																								
																							
																						
																					
																				
																			
																		
																	
																
															
														
													
												
												
													
														
												
											
										
									
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
