





























  August 2015



































































Pavel Hamet stays on as president of the Ambassadors Club; Hany Moustapha becomes the Club’s vice-president
As
 per their 2015-2019 action plan, the Ambassadors Club’s leadership is 
going to be handled a little differently moving forward in an effort to 
continue to energize the Club’s operations and attract new Ambassadors 
and local champions.

  
    
    For
 starters, the Club’s action plan calls for Dr. Pavel Hamet’s mandate as
 president of the Ambassadors Club to be extended to March 2017. His 
active leadership style, his ideas and his exemplary collaboration 
foster the kind of thinking we need on the type of actions to deploy. 
Dr. Hamet was also instrumental in drafting the Action Plan that will be
 rolled out in the coming years.      Secondly,
 the Club’s president will have the support of a vice-president, now 
that Professor Hany Moustapha, Emeritus Ambassador and founding member 
of the Aerospace Major Events Committee, has been appointed to the newly
 created position. A professor at and director of AÉROÉTS,
 a group that represents the ETS school of engineering’s teaching and 
research activities in the field of aerospace, Dr. Moustapha helped 
attract at least two editions of the ASME Turbo Expo convention to 
Montréal, including the most recent one in June 2015.
  
  
He
 has been actively involved in the Ambassadors Club since 2006, 
primarily via the creation of the Aerospace Major Events Committee, 
which brings together leaders of Montréal’s aerospace community tasked 
with raising the city’s global profile as an aerospace hub and premier 
host city for international aerospace events, and to provide these 
events with the necessary organizational support.
One
 of Dr, Moustapha’s first mandates as the Club’s vice-president will be 
creating new committees for young influencers while pursuing his support
 of the new Aerospace Succession Subcommittee, a group of young 
individuals currently working tirelessly with influential members of the
 industry to give added value to the conventions being held at the 
Palais. The Subcommittee is also responsible for determining initiatives
 that will enable the Aerospace Major Events Committee to enjoy maximum 
recognition as a valuable asset for attracting major conventions. The 
Subcommittee is an incubator of new ideas and gives young professionals 
the opportunity to interact with decision-makers. For the Palais, it is 
also a source of potential future Ambassadors.
With
 these two seasoned professionals at the helm, the Ambassadors Club will
 be rolling out the new action plan with twice the zeal and enthusiasm!













































■ Recognition Award Gala  2016The
 next Palais des congrès de Montréal Recognition Award Gala is scheduled
 for March 30, 2016. As we do every year, we will celebrate the 
excellence and international reputation of our dynamic city.
  [ Read more ]

















































■ The Centre for all ConventionsEach
 year, the Palais des congrès de Montréal hosts an average of 27 
conventions from around the world (Montréal, Quebec, Canada, American, 
international) that draw some 105,000 delegates to Montréal.
  [ Read more ]


















































■ The Palais des congrès de Montréal: A certified quality convention centreYou
 can add GOLD to the Palais’ rainbow of colours now that it has received
 the highest level of AIPC Quality Standards certification! [ Read more ]

















































■ Espace 1001 presents : Michelangelo’s Sistine ChapelMichelangelo’s
 Sistine Chapel: The Exhibition is in full swing until October 12, 2015 
at Espace 1001 in the Palais des congrès de Montréal.
  [ Read more ]





































																																			
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																														
																																															Palais des congrès de Montréal
																																															159 St.Antoine West,
																																															9th floor, Montréal (Québec) H2Z 1H2, Canada
																																															1 800 268-8122
																																														
																																													
																																												  
																																													
																																														
																																															
																																																
																																																	
																																																	
																																																
																																															
																																														
																																													
																																													
																																														
																																															Visit congresmtl.com


Visit Palais's Blog          
																																														
Planning a event
																																															

Enjoy our services
																																															

Contact us
																																														
																																															Follow us:
																																														
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																									
																																										
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																															
																														
																													
																												
																											
																										
																									
																								
																							
																						
																					
																				
																			
																		
																	
																
															
														
													
												
												
													
														
												
											
										
									
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
