
		
		Contact Newsletter
		
	
	
		
			
				
					
						
							
								
									
										
											
												
												
													
														
												
											
										
									
								
								
									
										
											
												
													
														
													
														  September 2015
													
														
												
											
										
									
								
								
									
										
								
								
									
										
											
												
													
														
															
																
																	
																		
																			
																				
																					
																						
																							
																								
																									
																										
																											
																												
																													
																														
																															
																																
																																	
																																	
																																
																																
																																	
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																														
																																															
																																																
																																																	
																																																	
																																																	
                                                                        
                                                                    
																																																		
  Prestigious conventions, invaluable benefits!
																																																		
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                        
																																																		All
 throughout 2015, we’ve had numerous prestigious international 
associations confirm they will be holding a major convention at the 
Palais des congrès de Montréal in the coming years.
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                        For instance, Montréal and the Palais will be hosting luminaries from various notable fields via events such as:
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                          The 11th  World Stroke Congress, October 17 to 20, 2018
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                          ICRA 2019 (IEEE Robotics and Automation Society), May 18 to 25, 2019
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                          The 27th  IUGG General Assembly (International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics) 2019, July 9 to 18, 2019
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                          NOBLE (National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives), August 10 to 14, 2019
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                      
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                        Invaluable benefits
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                      The above 
conventions alone will attract nearly 10,000 delegates to Montréal, and 
in the process generate almost $30 million for the province’s economy. 
Not to mention the invaluable intellectual benefits they will bring to 
the health science, IT, atmospheric science and security communities. 
Which is why Dr. Sylvain Lanthier of the MUHC Vascular Neurology 
Program and Associate Professor of Neuroscience at Université de 
Montréal commented: “In 2018, during the World Stroke Congress organized
 by the Canadian Stroke Consortium, 5,000 participants from all over the
 world will be coming to Montréal to share the very latest developments 
in vascular neurology, from basic research to emerging treatments for 
acute strokes, plus new stroke prevention and rehabilitation methods. 
It’ll also be an opportunity for them to discover Montréal and its many 
attractions.”
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                        International recognition
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                      For his part, Mr. 
Gordon Young, Former President of the International Association of 
Hydrological Sciences, and one of the local champions involved in 
bringing the IUGG General Assembly to Montréal, stated: “Every time a 
convention of this magnitude is held in Montréal, it’s an opportunity 
for the international scientific community to appreciate the scope of 
the expertise found in the city and nationwide, and this positions our 
industrial and academic communities favourably worldwide.” Since 2010, 
the  Union of International Associations (UIA) has been ranking Montréal
 first in the Americas for number of international association events 
hosted, a feat that’s especially been made possible thanks to the 
support of the city’s researchers, specialists and professionals who 
play an instrumental role in the conventions’ content and schedule.
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                      
																																																	
																																																
																																															
																																														
																																													
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																								
																																								
																																									
																																									
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																		
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																														■ MtlWiFi: So convenient, and it’s free
																																														Since
 June 2015, Palais des congrès de Montréal delegates and visitors have 
not only been enjoying the free wi-fi available on Level 1 of the 
Palais, but also MtlWiFi. [ Read more ]
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																								
																																								
																																									
																																									
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																																
																																	
																																		
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																														■ Smart kitchen!
																																														Since Spring 2015, the Palais kitchen has been operating with the very latest event technology. [ Read more ]
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																								
																																								
																																									
																																									
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																																
																																	
																																		
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																																
																																	
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																														■ Espace 1001 presents : Michelangelo’s Sistine Chapel
																																														Michelangelo’s
 Sistine Chapel: The Exhibition is in full swing until October 12, 2015 
at Espace 1001 in the Palais des congrès de Montréal. [ Read more ]
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																								
																																								
																																									
																																									
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																																
																																
																																	
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																																
																																	
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																														■ The Palais des congrès de Montréal: A certified quality convention centre
																																														You
 can add GOLD to the Palais’ rainbow of colours now that it has received
 the highest level of AIPC Quality Standards certification!
																																														[ Read more ]
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																								
																																								
																																									
																																									
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																					
																																						
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																																
																																	
																																		
																																		
																																			
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																														
																																															Palais des congrès de Montréal
																																															159 St.Antoine West,
																																															9th floor, Montréal (Québec) H2Z 1H2, Canada
																																															1 800 268-8122
																																														
																																													
																																												  
																																													
																																														
																																															
																																																
																																																	
																																																	
																																																
																																															
																																														
																																													
																																													
																																														
																																															Visit congresmtl.com
                                                                        
                                                                        
                      Visit Palais's Blog          
																																														  Planning a event
																																															Enjoy our services
																																															Contact us
																																														
																																															Follow us:
																																														
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																									
																																										
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																															
																														
																													
																												
																											
																										
																									
																								
																							
																						
																					
																				
																			
																		
																	
																
															
														
													
												
												
													
														
												
											
										
									
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
