

Newsletter












    
        
            
            
                
                    
                      June 2017
                  
                   
                    
                        
                        
                  
                
             
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    
                        
                        
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                            Montréal tops 2016 North American rankings of most popular cities for international conventions
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                          Montréal is back on top as 
the city having hosted the most international conventions in all of 
North America, according to the Country and City 2016 rankings released 
by the International Congress and Convention Association
 (ICCA). Montréal finished ahead of destinations like Toronto, Vancouver
 New York, Chicago and Washington with 76 events held at the Palais des 
congrès de Montréal, the universities and the city’s hotels. These 
events attracted nearly 37,000 business travelers and delegates to the 
city – 21% more than the runner-up destination. The last time Montréal 
finished atop the North American rankings was 2013.
                                           
                                          “The excellent work 
performed by the Palais des congrès and its Ambassadors, by Tourisme 
Montréal and all the tourism and institutional partners, is generating 
remarkable results, including a top spot in international rankings like 
the ICCA’s,” indicated Raymond Larivée, President and CEO of the Palais 
des congrès de Montréal.
                                          “It’s easy to do business 
in Montréal. There’s a synergy among the city partners, the quality of 
the services offered by local experts is outstanding, as is the 
opportunity to interact with influencers from various industry sectors, 
not to mention the increase in number of flights, which makes the city 
even more accessible. I would like to point out the excellent of 
everyone involved,” said Yves Lalumière, President and CEO of Tourisme 
Montréal.
                                          “I salute the collective 
effort that continues to nurture Montréal’s international standing. 
Business tourism is of capital importance for the city’s hospitality 
community,” declared Eve Paré, President and CEO of the Hotels 
Association of Greater Montreal.
                                          Satisfied attendees
                                          Furthermore, once conventions 
are confirmed, Montréal and the Palais have an outstanding track record 
of meeting the needs and requirements of convention organizers and 
delegates. In fact, in a poll conducted by the Ipsos research firm for 
Tourisme Montréal, 95% of leisure and business tourists responded they 
were satisfied with their experience during their stay in Montréal in 
2016. Also, 97% of business tourists would recommend Montréal to work 
colleagues and business contacts. “We provide an infrastructure that 
meets the needs of major international associations, and we are proud of
 our role in nurturing Montréal’s reputation as a premier destination,” 
said Chrystine Loriaux, Director of Marketing and Communications at the 
Palais des congrès.
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                    
                                                    	Read more →
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                    
                
            
            
        
    
    
        
            
            
                
                    
                        
                        
                            
                                Latest News
                            
                            
                        
                    
                
                
                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                     
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                    
                                                        
                                                            

                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Palais des congrès de Montréal: host of major aerospace events
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  The
 Montréal aerospace industry contributes to the city’s reputation as a 
premier business destination through major events held at the Palais des
 congrès de Montréal. In the last five years, the Palais has hosted 16 
regional, national and international aerospace events. These gatherings 
translated into 38,500 room nights in Montréal hotels, and generated an 
estimated $34,000,000 in tourism income for the city and Québec.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Read more →
                                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                        
                                                                    
                                                                

                                                            
                                                        
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                    
                                                        
                                                            

                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Creation of a network for urban farming research, expertise and transfer of best practices
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  On
 May 5, 2017, the Québec Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, 
the city of Montréal, UQAM and the Palais des congrès de Montréal 
announced the creation of a partnership tasked with setting up the 
Carrefour de recherche, d’expertise et de transfert en agriculture 
urbaine, or CRETAU, a network focused on urban farming research and 
expertise, and the transfer of urban farming best practices.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Read more →
                                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                        
                                                                    
                                                                

                                                            
                                                        
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                        
                    
                
                
                
                
                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                     
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                    
                                                        
                                                            

                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Montréal’s heritage preserved and reflected in the walls of the Palais
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Most
 Montréalers recognize the Palais because of its colourful glass façade.
 A walk-around reveals each side has its own personality allowing it to 
integrate naturally with the area it is facing.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Read more →
                                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                        
                                                                    
                                                                

                                                            
                                                        
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                            
                                                
                                                    
                                                        
                                                            

                                                                
                                                                    
                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Palais des congrès de Montréal partners with a world leader in live event services
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  The
 Palais des congrès is pleased to announce the selection of GES as its 
official supplier of event decorating services following a call for 
tenders.
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                  Read more →
                                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                        
                                                                    
                                                                

                                                            
                                                        
                                                    
                                                
                                            
                                        
                                    
                                    
                                
                            
                        
                        
                    
                
                
                
                  
            
            
                
                    
                        
                        
                            
                                
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                        
                                            
                                            
                                              Visit congresmtl.com
                                              Visit Palais' Blog
                                              Plannig a event
                                              Enjoy our services
                                              Contact us
                                            
Follow us:

                                            
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                           
                        
                    
                
            
            
        
    
                
          
            
        
    
    



