

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

		
	
	
		
		
	
	
	
	
	
						
		
	
		The Official Seoul Convention Bureau Website - Seoul South Korea
		







	
		
			Go to Content
			Go to MainMenu
		
	
	
		
			
			
				
					
				
				
					
				
			
			
				
					
						Language
						
							KOREAN
							ENGLISH
							JAPANESE
							CHINESE
						
					
				
			
		
	
	
		
			
				
					
						About Seoul
						
							MICE TOURS
							Getting to Seoul
							Getting Around
							Useful Information
							Accommodations
							Highlights
						
					
					
						Venue Finder
						
							Convention Centers
							Convention Hotels
							Unique Venues
						
					
					
						Support Programs
						
							International Conferences & Meetings
							Corporate Meetings & Incentives
							General Support
							Request For Proposal
							Seoul MICE Supporters
							Plus Seoul
						
					
					
						Seoul MICE Alliance
						
							SMA Introduction
							SMA Notices
						
					
					
						Stories
						
							News
							Achievements
							Webzine
							Tool Kits
							
							Service Directory
						
					
					
						Contact Us
						
							Contact Information
							Seoul MICE Help Desk
							Site Map
						
					
				
			
			
		


	
	
		Seoul MICE Alliance
		Home > Seoul MICE Alliance > Hotels
	
	
	
		Convention Centers
		Hotels
		Unique Venues
		PCO
		Travel Agencies
		Transportation
		Entertainment
		Service Providers
		Shopping
		Associations
	
	
		

	
			
									Hotels				
			
			
				
				00Novotel Ambassador Seoul Dongdaemun Hotels & Residences00RYSE, Autograph Collection01Banyan Tree Club & Spa Seoul02Best Western Premier Guro Hotel03Best Western Premier Seoul Garden Hotel04Conrad Seoul05Courtyard Marriott Seoul Namdaemun Hotel06Courtyard Marriott Seoul Times Square07Four Seasons Tour Service Co. Ltd08GLAD hotel Yeouido09Grand Ambassador Seoul associated with Pullmanassociated with Pullman10Grand Hilton Seoul11Grand Hyatt Seoul12Grand InterContinental Seoul Parnas13GRAND WALKERHILL SEOUL14Hotel Riviera Seoul15Hotel Samjung16Imperial Palace Seoul17InterContinental Seoul COEX18JW Marriott Dongdaemun Square Seoul19JW MARRIOTT SEOUL20Kensington Hotel Yoido21Le Meridien Seoul22LOTTE HOTEL SEOUL23Lotte Hotel World24Mayfield Hotel25Millennium Seoul Hilton26Novotel Ambassador Doksan27Novotel Ambassador Gangnam28Park Hyatt Seoul29RAMADA Seoul Hotel30Royal Hotel Seoul31SEJONG HOTEL32Seoul Dragon City33Sheraton Seoul D Cube City Hotel34Sheraton Seoul Palace Gangnam Hotel35SIGNIEL SEOUL36The-K Hotel Seoul37THE PLAZA Seoul, Autograph Collection, Autograph Collection38The Shilla Seoul39The Westin Chosun Seoul40Tmark Grand Hotel Myeongdong41VISTA WALKERHILL SEOUL
			
		
		
						Courtyard Marriott Seoul Namdaemun Hotel 
						
							
							
					
						Representative
						
							Oh, Wontaek						
					
					
						Business Inquiries
						
							Jin Young (Teddy), Kim						
					
					
						Address
						
							
							9, Namdaemun-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, Korea						
					
					
						Phone
						
							+82-2-2211-8015						
					
										
						Fax
						
							+82-2-2211-8118						
					
										
						Homepage
						
							https://www.marriott.com/selsn
													
					
										
						E-mail
						
																							teddy.kim2@courtyard.com
													
					
				
			
			
								

Experience the modern
and cultural vibe of Seoul at Courtyard Seoul Namdaemun. The hotel’s warm and
contemporary atmosphere and convenient location in the heart of Seoul make it
the perfect choice for your next trip to South Korea. The greatest virtue of
Courtyard Seoul Namdaemun is doubtlessly its prime location where the past and
the present intersect. Several heritages adjacent to Courtyard Seoul Namdaemun,
including Korea’s national treasure no.1 Sungnyemun(Namdaemun) Gate, Deoksugung
and Gyeongbokgung Palaces boast its magnificence. Also, the hotel is close to
all main tourist attractions including Namdaemun Market, N Seoul Tower and Myeongdong
and is also located within a five-minute walk distance from City Hall station
of subway line No. 1, 2 and Hoehyeon station of line No. 4.The hotel offers 409
guest rooms and suites featuring 49-inch LED TV, comfortable beddings and
high-speed internet access, as well as, magnificent views of national treasure
No.1 Namdaemun and N Seoul Tower through floor-to-ceiling glass walls.
Especially the outdoor terrace of Namdaemun Suite on the 19th floor is
available for private rent for small gatherings such as exclusive cocktail
parties and bridal shower. Also, an Executive Lounge located on the top 22nd
floor offers executive floor guests the additional benefits of complimentary
breakfast, evening canapés, use of meeting rooms and snacks throughout the day
to make guests fully enjoy the new home away from home.All-day-dining
restaurant MoMo Café with fabulous open kitchen serves tasty buffet of several
kinds which are made of fresh and seasonal ingredients. It also provides a la
carte menus, further widening the variety of menus guests can explore. On top
of this, guests can enjoy selections of cocktails, beers, wines and snacks at
the MoMo Lounge & Bar. On the 3rd floor, five multifunctional meeting rooms
which can accommodate up to 150 people are readily available to suit those who
have occasions from conference, seminars and business meetings to family
gatherings such as 1st birthday parties and intimate weddings.
			
					
	






	
		
			
				
					Privacy Policy 
					Site Map
				
				
					Email : mice@sto.or.kr 
					Address : 04551, 9FL Narakium Jeodong Bldg., 340, Samil-daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, Korea
					© SEOUL TOURISM ORGANIZATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
				
			
			
			
				
				
				
				 
				 
				
			
		
	


