























  October 2016



































































New Ambassadors inducted into Palais walk of fame
The
 Palais des congrès Parcours de la renommée walk of fame is a timeline 
paved with red stones tracing the exceptional contribution of leading 
experts who are passionate about their field and promoting Montréal and 
the Palais internationally as a first-rate destination for international
 conventions.
The
 red stones are engraved with the names of major international 
conventions and the Ambassadors who played a key and active role in 
attracting them to Montréal so their involvement may be indelibly etched
 forever.
Since
 1983, over 1,000 events and 300 Ambassadors have been immortalized on 
the Parcours de la renommée. The Palais added 17 conventions and 
14 Ambassadors for 2014 and 2015, and we wish to thank them for 
their dedicated work.
The usual special care was given to the engraving of their names on the walk of fame on September 30.













































■
 The Palais des congrès and Fonds de recherche du Québec focus on 
promoting the scientific community and international conventionsThe
 Palais des congrès de Montréal, its Ambassadors Club and the Fonds de 
recherche du Québec have formed a major partnership aimed at 
acknowledging the role Québec’s researchers and scientists play in 
bringing international conventions to Montréal and helping to organize 
them. These organizations, which contribute to promoting and branding 
Montréal as a prime host city for large-scale scientific conventions, 
wish to encourage researchers to get actively involved in the process of
 organizing events that are international in scope.[ Read more ]

















































■ International Congress on Personalized Health Care: a world first developed in Montréal
 The first ever International Congress on Personalized Health Care took 
place at the Palais des congrès de Montréal in June of 2016. Hundreds of
 daniel_bouthilliermultidisciplinary professionals descended on the 
convention centre for this world first, created in Montréal by Daniel 
Bouthillier, an Appointed Ambassador of the Palais and Executive 
Director of the Quebec Network for Personalized Health Care and the 
President of the Palais Ambassadors Club, Dr. Pavel Hamet, Chief of Gene
 Medicine at the CHUM research centre, and Holder of the Canada Research
 Chair in Predictive Genomics, jointly with the Palais des congrès de 
Montréal. [ Read more ] 


















































■ Universities: drivers of wealth creation for Québec and MontréalThe
 Board of Trade of Metropolitan Montreal and Montréal International 
released on October 5, 2016 a study today entitled The Contribution of 
Greater Montréal Universities to the Québec Economy. This study confirms
 the importance of teaching and university research for the wealth of 
Québec and Montréal. In addition to stimulating the knowledge and 
innovation economy, universities are active in their community, 
improving the quality of life of Quebecers. [ Read more ] 

















































■ 2017 Recognition Award Gala: Save the date!
 The next Palais des congrès de Montréal Recognition Award Gala will 
take place on March 16, 2017 under the theme “Vive 375″. As we do every 
year, we will celebrate the excellence and international reputation of 
our dynamic city. Also, tomorrow’s leaders will once again be featured 
during the presentation of the Fonds de recherche du Québec Star Student
 Research awards by Dr. Rémi Quirion, Chief Scientist of Québec.[ Read more ] 














































Palais des congrès de Montréal 159 St.Antoine West, 9th floor Montréal (Québec) H2Z 1H2, CANADA 1 800 268-8122











 Visit congresmtl.com Visit Palais's Blog Planning a event Enjoy our services Contact us
Follow us:

















































