


































  December 2015



































































Palais
 des congrès de Montréal and Montréal InVivo join forces to generate 
even more economic and intellectual benefits for Québec
The
 Palais des congrès de Montréal and Montréal InVivo have decided to 
unite their efforts for the purpose of attracting even more health and 
life science related major international conventions to Montréal and the
 Palais.

  
    
    This
 new partnership will not only mean significantly more initiatives aimed
 at bringing new large-scale events to the city, but also more economic 
and intellectual benefits as a result. Innovation will be fostered, 
along with the ongoing development of businesses and organizations 
operating in both of these key economic sectors in Montréal and Québec.
  
  
“We
 firmly intend to give our city’s leading economic sectors the 
opportunity to take full advantage of these major international 
meetings,” said Raymond Larivée, President and CEO of the Palais des 
congrès de Montréal, a Québec government corporation. “On average, 37% 
of the events held at the Palais in the last 5 years have been in 
connection with the health and life sciences sector. This collaboration 
with Montréal InVivo will enable both organizations to draw from their 
respective strengths in order to ultimately attract even more major 
conventions and promote the LSHT cluster worldwide,” he added.
“Life
 sciences and health represent a booming sector, not to mention their 
contribution to the GDP, the new small businesses and the constantly 
growing number of jobs they’re creating. Montréal ranks 6th in North 
America for concentration of LSHS jobs,” mentionned Frank Béraud, Chief 
Executive Officer of Montréal InVivo. “This partnership is a natural fit
 with Montréal InVivo’s mission of bolstering the sector’s 
competitiveness and growth in the Greater Montréal Area and 
Québec-wide,” he continued.
The
 new partnership will span various forms, including information sharing 
and convention selection, and also continuing the work of putting 
together a new health related Montréal convention for 2016: the first 
ever International Congress on Personalized Health Care.













































■ The Palais des congrès and Fonds de recherche du Québec help promote research by hosting major conventionsDuring
 the first edition of a forum on promoting Québec research, the 
President and CEO of the Palais seized this inaugural forum to announce 
the creation of a fund that will assist researchers looking to get 
involved in holding an international convention at the Palais.
  [ Read more ]

















































■ Promoting Québec Research : Ambassadors Club Members share their experience during a forumThe
 Palais des congrès de Montréal and the Fonds de recherche du Québec put
 the Ambassadors’ experience forward during a forum on promoting Québec 
research titled Rayonnement de la recherche au Québec: stratégies, enjeux et impacts. 
  [ Read more ]


















































■ Montréal, a leading destination for sustainable eventsIn
 July 2015, Tourisme Montréal, the city of Montréal and the Palais des 
congrès de Montréal reaped the fruits of their efforts by being 
certified a sustainable meetings and events destination. [ Read more ]

















































■ Life Science events top the ranking of international events held at the Palais des congrèsLife
 science related events represent 39% of the international conventions 
held at the Palais des congrès, making it the top sector from among the 
major events hosted at the Palais. The aerospace, transportation, 
environmental and energy sectors are among the other sectors well 
represented on the Palais event calendar.
  [ Read more ]





































																																			
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																														
																																															Palais des congrès de Montréal
																																															159 St.Antoine West,
																																															9th floor, Montréal (Québec) H2Z 1H2, Canada
																																															1 800 268-8122
																																														 
																																													
																																												  
																																													
																																														
																																															
																																																
																																																	
																																																	
																																																
																																															
																																														
																																													
																																													
																																														
																																															Visit congresmtl.com


Visit Palais's Blog          
																																														
Planning a event
																																															

Enjoy our services
																																															

Contact us
																																														
																																															Follow us:
																																														
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																									
																																										
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																															
																														
																													
																												
																											
																										
																									
																								
																							
																						
																					
																				
																			
																		
																	
																
															
														
													
												
												
													
														
												
											
										
									
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
