


















 















  Apirl 2016



































































The Ambassadors Club welcomes 18 new members
The
 2016 Recognition Award Gala saluted the exceptional contribution of 
influential and dynamic individuals from Montréal’s various segments of 
excellence who stepped outside of their usual professions to actively 
bring international conventions to the city, and thus help generate 
economic and intellectual benefits for the city and province.
Since 1985, the members of the Ambassadors Club
 have helped attract nearly 230 large-scale events to Montréal, which 
have contributed almost $1 billion to the city’s and province’s economy.
 “Securing an international convention is like bidding for the Olympic 
Games. It would be impossible to achieve without the involvement of our 
300 current members or those on the path to membership,” said Dr. Pavel 
Hamet, President of the Palais Ambassadors Club.
For more information on the Ambassadors and their conventions, please see congresmtl.com/gala.
 












































■ Yves Michaud named Grand AmbassadorDuring
 the Recognition Award Gala held on March 30, 2016, the Palais des 
congrès and its Ambassadors Club presented a special Grand Ambassador 
Award to Yves Michaud, who gave the Palais des congrès its initial 
spark, and in so doing, contributed to Québec’s global profile and 
Montréal’s international reputation. [ Read more ]

















































■ The Palais des congrès de Montréal and Fonds de recherche du Québec join forces to support emerging researchersOnce
 again this year, the Palais des congrès de Montréal Recognition Award 
Gala and the Fonds de recherche du Québec jointly showcased the 
researchers of tomorrow by announcing the March winners of 
Étudiants-chercheurs étoiles (star student researcher) competition. The 
competition makes it possible to recognize the excellent research being 
conducted by students and to foster research careers within Québec. [ Read more ]


















































■ The Recognition Award Gala: an exceptional eventOnce
 again this year, the Palais des congrès de Montréal Recognition Award 
Gale proved an unforgettable evening for the 450 guests from the 
tourism, university and business communities in attendance to mark the 
remarkable contribution of 18 new Ambassadors, the appointment of one 
Grand Ambassador and the awarding of the three star student researchers.
 [ Read more ]

















































■ Ambassador named research chair of apiculture science programLife
 science related events represent 39% of the international conventions 
held at the Palais des congrès, making it the top sector from among the 
major events hosted at the Palais. The aerospace, transportation, 
environmental and energy sectors are among the other sectors well 
represented on the Palais event calendar. [ Read more ]



























































■ Behind the scenes at the Gala: ID3 showcases its knowhowHosting
 450 guests for an evening that combines an award ceremony honouring 22 
people and a gastronomic affair staged by 8 different kitchen teams is 
no small order! [ Read more ]




































																																			
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																					
																																				
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																				
																																				
																																					
																																						
																																							
																																								
																																									
																																										
																																									
																																										
																																											
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																														
																																															Palais des congrès de Montréal
																																															159 St.Antoine West,
																																															9th floor, Montréal (Québec) H2Z 1H2, Canada
																																															1 800 268-8122
																																														
																																															You are receiving this 
email because you have subscribed to the mailing list of the Palais des 
congrès de Montréal.
																																												  
																																													
																																														
																																															
																																																
																																																	
																																																	
																																																
																																															
																																														
																																													
																																													
																																														
																																															Visit congresmtl.com


Visit Palais's Blog          
																																														
Planning a event
																																															

Enjoy our services
																																															

Contact us
																																														
																																															Follow us:
																																														
																																												
																																												
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																													
																																												
																																											
																																										
																																									
																																									
																																										
																																								
																																							
																																						
																																					
																																				
																																			
																																		
																																	
																																
																															
																														
																													
																												
																											
																										
																									
																								
																							
																						
																					
																				
																			
																		
																	
																
															
														
													
												
												
													
														
												
											
										
									
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
